# Encrypt-and-Decrypt-of-text-project
This project is about simple encrypt and decrypt technique use for transforming secret  information from one person to another person. The main objective of our project is to encrypt/decrypt the textual files for personal and professional security. The title of this project is Encryption and Decryption. The purpose of this project was to develop the program to encrypt and decrypt the text. This project has been used the built-in feature and functional of PYTHON to provide the data for program development. Therefore, the major concentration was focused on application of data encryption and decryption system development. The program coding was written by using the PYTHON programming language. Encryption is the process of transforming information so it is unintelligible to anyone but the intended recipient. Decryption is the process of transforming encrypted information so that it is intelligible again. A cryptographic algorithm, also called a cipher, is a mathematical function used for encryption or decryption. In most cases, two related functions are employed, one for encryption and the other for decryption. With most modern cryptography, the ability to keep encrypted information secret is based not on the cryptographic algorithm, which is widely known, but on a number called a key that must be used with the algorithm to produce an encrypted result or to decrypt previously encrypted information. Decryption with the correct key is simple. Decryption without the correct key is very difficult, and in some cases impossible for all practical purposes.
